[Music]
could you hold this for a second Thanks
hey hey buddies Easter break no change
has anywhere of a pinch of the pen
[Music]
everybody good
I ran okay spider-man
[Music]
come down there you Marjorie how are you
how's your mother
oh you have reached the voicemail box up
happy Hogan hey happy um here's my
report for the night I stopped to grab
his bicycle couldn't find the owner so I
just left a note um I just lost coke
dominican lady she was really nice and
bought me at zero I'm this dumb feel
like I could be doing more
I know he's curious when the next real
missions gonna be she just call me back
it's Peter Parker
why would I tell them about the sheriff
[Music]